Add fleet example: helloworld (#3202)
Azure/AKS: examples/fleet/helloworld/README.md

```bash
wget https://k8s.io/examples/service/load-balancer-example.yaml

cat <<EOF >./kustomization.yaml
namespace: hello-world
resources:
- load-balancer-example.yaml
EOF
```

Deploy the application and expose a service: 
```bash
kubectl create namespace hello-world
kubectl apply -k ./

kubectl expose deployment hello-world -n hello-world --type=LoadBalancer --name=my-service
```

Verify the application is deployed but not running:
```bash
kubectl get all -n hello-world
```

Here is the expected output.
Note that the deployment is not deployed (`READY: 0/5`) and the service doesn't have an external IP (`EXTERNAL-IP: <pending>`).
This is working as expected as the objective to deploy the application to member clusters not the hub cluster.

```text
NAME                 TYPE           CLUSTER-IP    EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)          AGE
service/my-service   LoadBalancer   10.0.184.49   <pending>     8080:32614/TCP   4s

NAME                          READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
deployment.apps/hello-world   0/5     0            0           28s
```

### 2. Place to Member Clusters

#### Scenario A: Place to all member clusters

Place to all the member clusters:
```bash

> kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Azure/AKS/liqian/fleet/examples/fleet/helloworld/hello-world-crp-all-clusters.yaml

Reviewer: shall we move this to a team account instead of a personal account?

Author: It is not an account. It is the branch name. Updated to "master"

```

```yaml:hello-world-crp-all-clusters.yaml
```

Verify the placement status:
```bash

> kubectl get crp hello-world -o yaml | grep status -A 1000

Reviewer: is it better to display the status only through jsonPath?

Author: Jsonpath outout is less readable.

❯ kubectl get crp hello-world -o=jsonpath='{.status}'
{"conditions":[{"lastTransitionTime":"2022-09-13T17:41:45Z","message":"the placement didn't select any resource or cluster","observedGeneration":4,"reason":"ScheduleFailed","status":"False","type":"Scheduled"},{"lastTransitionTime":"2022-09-13T17:41:45Z","message":"there are still manifest pending to be processed by the member cluster","observedGeneration":4,"reason":"ApplyPending","status":"Unknown","type":"Applied"}]}%

```

Here is the expected output.
```text
NAME                               READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
pod/hello-world-6755976cfc-8qhht   1/1     Running   0          15m
pod/hello-world-6755976cfc-c5p5j   1/1     Running   0          15m
pod/hello-world-6755976cfc-df95b   1/1     Running   0          15m
pod/hello-world-6755976cfc-mzwfd   1/1     Running   0          15m
pod/hello-world-6755976cfc-rxtrj   1/1     Running   0          15m

NAME                 TYPE           CLUSTER-IP     EXTERNAL-IP    PORT(S)          AGE
service/my-service   LoadBalancer   10.0.190.234   13.78.193.35   8080:32614/TCP   15m

NAME                          READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
deployment.apps/hello-world   5/5     5            5           15m

NAME                                     DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   AGE
replicaset.apps/hello-world-6755976cfc   5         5         5       15m
```

Access the running app:
```bash
curl 13.78.193.35:8080
```
```text
Hello Kubernetes!
```
Congratulations, you have deployed your first app through fleet workload placement.

#### Scenario B: Place to member clusters selected by names
```bash

> kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Azure/AKS/liqian/fleet/examples/fleet/helloworld/hello-world-crp-by-cluster-names.yaml

Reviewer: should we add at least some brief descriptions of what the user should expect to see here too?

Author: Done.

* Place the application to selected member clusters, and access the running application.

## Steps

### 1. Deploy to the Hub Cluster

1. Download and customize the application to use namespace hello-world:

   ```shell
   wget https://k8s.io/examples/service/load-balancer-example.yaml

   cat <<EOF >./kustomization.yaml
   namespace: hello-world
   resources:
   - load-balancer-example.yaml
   EOF
   ```

2. Deploy the application and expose a LoadBalancer service: 

   ```shell
   kubectl create namespace hello-world
   kubectl apply -k ./
   
   kubectl expose deployment hello-world -n hello-world --type=LoadBalancer --name=my-service
   ```

3. Verify the application is deployed but not running:

   ```shell
   kubectl get all -n hello-world
   ```
   
   The output is similar to:
   
   ```console
   NAME                 TYPE           CLUSTER-IP    EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)          AGE
   service/my-service   LoadBalancer   10.0.184.49   <pending>     8080:32614/TCP   4s
   
   NAME                          READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
   deployment.apps/hello-world   0/5     0            0           28s
   ```

>    Note that the deployment is not deployed (`READY: 0/5`) and the service doesn't have an external IP (`EXTERNAL-IP: <pending>`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Note that the deployment does not result in any pod created on the hub cluster (`READY: 0/5`) and the service doesn't have an external IP (`EXTERNAL-IP: <pending>`).
```

Author: done

>    This is working as expected as the objective to deploy the application to member clusters not the hub cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This is working as expected as the objective is to deploy the application to member clusters, not the hub cluster.
```

Author: done

   ```shell
   kubectl get crp hello-world -o yaml | grep status -A 1000
   ```

   The output is similar to:

   ```yaml
   status:
     conditions:
     - lastTransitionTime: "2022-09-12T23:31:18Z"
       message: Successfully scheduled resources for placement
       observedGeneration: 1
       reason: ScheduleSucceeded
       status: "True"
       type: Scheduled
     - lastTransitionTime: "2022-09-12T23:31:19Z"
       message: Successfully applied resources to member clusters
       observedGeneration: 1
       reason: ApplySucceeded
       status: "True"
       type: Applied
     selectedResources:
     - group: apps
       kind: Deployment
       name: hello-world
       namespace: hello-world
       version: v1
     - kind: Service
       name: my-service
       namespace: hello-world
       version: v1
     - kind: Namespace
       name: hello-world
       version: v1
     targetClusters:
     - aks-member-3
     - aks-member-2
     - aks-member-1
   ```
   
   All the resources under namespace `hello-world` (including the namespace) are selected and placed to all the member clusters.

3. Verify the application is deployed in the selected clusters:

   ```shell

>    KUBECONFIG=member1 kubectl get all -n hello-world

Reviewer: this only verifies that it worked on member cluster 1 but the CRP is supposed to place it on 3, right? Should we clarify that?

Author: done
